Add complex numbers to docs (#115)
esa/torchquad: docs/source/tutorial.rst

> One-dimensional integration with complex numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One-dimensional integration
```
the example needn't be complex so I would not make it seem as if the example is exclusively complex

------------------------------------------------

To make it easier to understand the methods used in this notebook, we will start with an
example in one dimension. If you are new to these methods or simply want a clearer picture, 
feel free to check out Patrick Walls’ 
`nice Python introduction <https://github.com/patrickwalls/mathematical-python/>`__ 
to the `Trapezoid rule <https://www.math.ubc.ca/~pwalls/math-python/integration/trapezoid-rule/>`__
and `Simpson's rule <https://www.math.ubc.ca/~pwalls/math-python/integration/simpsons-rule/>`__
in one dimension.
Similarly, `Tirthajyoti Sarkar <https://github.com/tirthajyoti>`__ has made a nice visual explanation of 
`Monte Carlo integration in Python 
<https://towardsdatascience.com/monte-carlo-integration-in-python-a71a209d277e>`__.

> The *torchquad* package also works with complex numbers. To showcase this, in the following example we 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*torchquad* is compatible with complex numbers. To showcase this, in the following example we 
```

> will let ``f(x)`` be the complex function :math:`f(x) = e^{3ix} \cdot x^{2}`. Over the domain 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will let ``f(x)`` be the complex function :math:`f(x) = e^{3ix} \cdot x^{2}` (real integrands can be used in the exact same way). Over the domain 
```

:math:`[0,2]`, the integral of ``f(x)`` is :math:`\int_{0}^{2} f(x) dx = 
\int_{0}^{2} e^{3ix} \cdot x^{2} dx = -\frac{2}{27} i ( 1 + (17 + 6i) e^{6i} )`, or, alternatively, 
:math:`0.0748857930... - i1.4073621035...` 
(see `Wolfram Alpha <https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=integral+of+e%5E%283ix%29+*+x%5E%282%29+from+0+to+2>`__ 
if you don't belive us).

> Let’s declare the ``f(x)`` function, a simple helper function to print the absolute error, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let’s declare the function ``f(x)``, a simple helper function to print the absolute error, 
```

as well as remember the correct result.

.. code:: ipython3

    def f(x):
        return torch.exp(3.0j*x) * torch.pow(x,2)
    
    def print_error(result,solution):
        print("Results:", result.item())
        print(f"Abs. Error: {(torch.abs(result - solution).item()):.8e}")
        print(f"Rel. Error: {(torch.abs((result - solution) / solution).item()):.8e}")
    
    solution = -2.0j / 27.0 * (1.0 + (17.0 + 6.0j) * torch.exp(torch.tensor([6.0j])) )

> **Note that we are using the torch versions to ensure that all variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note that we are using the torch versions of functions like ``exp`` to ensure that all variables
```

.. code:: ipython3

    # Integration domain is always a list of lists to allow arbitrary dimensionality.

>     integration_domain = [[0, 2]]

Reviewer: This fails to show how a complex integration domain would function I think?

Reviewer: or create a separate ticket for it to have another example with that

.. parsed-literal::

    **Output:** Results: (0.0748857706785202-1.4073622226715088j)
            Abs. Error: 1.21286661e-07
            Rel. Error: 8.60583995e-08
    
.. code:: ipython3

    boole = Boole()
    result = boole.integrate(f, dim=1, N=101, integration_domain=integration_domain)
    print_error(result,solution)

.. parsed-literal::

    **Output:** Results: (0.0748857855796814-1.4073619842529297j)
            Abs. Error: 1.19441893e-07

>             Rel. Error: 8.47494519e-08

Reviewer: Here we should either:
- Reduce N to have differences between integrators
- Switch to double precision to have differences between integrators
- Mention that the numerical error is within range of floating point precision and hence no improvement can be seen for Boole

.. parsed-literal::

>     **Output:** RuntimeError: result type ComplexFloat can't be cast to the desired output type Float

Reviewer: ??? This is very awkward.

Author: Would you rather hide it?

Reviewer: yes don't run vegas for it if incompatible

    

Notably, Simpson's and Boole's methods are already really good here with only 101 points. 
(You can try setting the function ``f(x) = torch.exp(x) * torch.pow(x,2)`` instead 

> to see Simpson's and Boole's methods find the perfect solution).

Reviewer: >  (You can try setting the function ``f(x) = torch.exp(x) * torch.pow(x,2)`` instead 
to see Simpson's and Boole's methods find the perfect solution).

I don't understand this? It's a harder function so the errors will be higher? So not perfect?

Author: No, we had 
`torch.exp(3.0j*x) * torch.pow(x,2)`
and then I suggest using
`torch.exp(x) * torch.pow(x,2)`

Reviewer: Ah, so it's not harder. However, e^x is not a polynomial, so it cannot be "perfectly" solved by either method. I would just remove this as it does not really add to informing the reader.

            Rel. Error: 3.74044670e-04
    

Note that the Monte Carlo methods are much more competitive in this case. 
The bad convergence properties of the trapezoid method are visible while Simpson's 
and Boole's rule are still OK given the comparatively smooth integrand. 

> Note that with the choice of sample points (3 per dimension), Boole's method cannot work. 

Reviewer: I would change all to five then? Otherwise the comparison is pointless

Comparing VEGAS/MC with 59049 points to Boole with 9.765.625 is absurd

Author: But I cannot do this on my computer 😭

Reviewer: Did it, see related ticket.
